# App Ideas - Intro
A running incomplete list of apps I've had. Nothing necessarily spectacular but deciding now in July 2022 to list out some of my ideas of the last decade both for my own edification and to perhaps share them to co-create. Perhaps I begin and open-source them, sell/offer them, or just keep sitting on them as I continue to get new ideas.

## App Ideas
(will add descriptions and continually update list over time)

### Small things I've made
Moved to https://github.com/astralvitz/astralvitz/blob/main/MAKEHISTORY.md

### Software Ideas
- CleanCity: A website & mobile app platform to incentivize people to clean up litter in a fun, gasified way with an energetically & monetarily sustainable model. Money isn't the only incentive, and I've thought of various ways to encourage this grass-roots effort. Not everyone in the world would participate but the target audience isn't everyone. The platform would include pseudo anonymous social elements with profiles and potentially teams/clans, a heat map of the cleanliness of street blocks which decays from green toward red over time, complex & robust artificial intelligences trained with machine learning for both (1) verifying the cleaning actions via user-submitted photos, satellite imagery and perhaps municipal-operated street cameras, and (2) detecting bad actors (through a number of behavioral analysis points - I can expand upon this later). Originally conceptualized in 2017, returning to this idea in 2022 desiring to perhaps integrate with or build along side the LitterCoin and OpenLitterMap projects running on the Cardano blockchain.
- FairCampaign: Politically-neutral platform to simply & intuitively display political platforms of candidates, on all levels local to national. I imagine it so clean and perfect in my head. Originally conceptualized in 2016. Zipcode for eligible candidates, voting dates & locations, special voting registration rules, latest updates to campaign races. Position responsibilities, voting registration + rules, voting locations, latest news, focused political discussion boards (perfect design in my head), and more. Random sorting of candidates, arguably no photos or party affiliation display for candidates, crowd-sourced info & moderator approved, integration with other social media apps, and crowd-sourced print material (newspaper/fliers) for low income areas, etc.
- Canopy: Probably my favorite idea, still, 6 years later. Originally conceptualized in 2016, a social media platform that I believe is still very viable and needed in 2022. A combination of MySpace, Twitter and old Google Plus. A "canopy" of arrangeable and configurable panels, encouraging wild MySpace-like visual customization while still maintaining a semblance of platform cohesion. Not only are the panels of various app integrations or user-created blocks of content in various shapes, but the visibility/privacy of the panels and profile are richly and intuitively configured similar to Google Plus' vision utilizing Circles, or Facebook's later implementation of post privacy (and we are now seeing apps today attempt to utilize: Instagram and Snapchat's close friends, etc). Why: people want to showcase themselves, their interests and their accomplishments, and to also connect with likeminded persons and be active in a community. I have drawn many diagrams and wrote many case studies/thought exp eriments on how all sorts of people might utilize & customize.
- Aeva: Hardly unique, but an idea nonetheless - a Jarvis-like AI personal assistant to manage my emails, calendars, meal ideas & preparation, traffic reporting & navigation, house & vehicle status reports & management, scan net for special deals from restaurants & stores & service providers, integration with smart watches & devices, uniquely tailored psychology hacks for personal motivation and time & energy management, bills & investments management, caller ID & attached notes/reminders, break/activity reminder, and more. I actually developed a bit of this bot in 2017 using DialogFlow and a number of other technologies but, like all my other ideas, I set it aside.
- unnamed "Link in Bio" app integration: A collection of badges for displaying one's volunteering efforts. Originally conceptualized as an incentivized mechanism for the CleanCity idea - users can show on their social media profiles things like "Picked up over 100 bags of trash with CleanCity", expandable to virtually any non-profit/volunteering organization. I'm likely going to develop this.
- a streaming service of visual content for concert, house-party and other settings for ambiance. think Spotify but background visuals only.
- Codename Astronauts: a clean animated website displaying profiles & whereabouts of interplanetary travelers
- simple image-based social platform focused solely on "Skull a Day" type initiatives. Unnecessary, but at the same time very adoptable by a sizable enough audience
- IoT app to gamify self-development, life progression, time management
- Codename "There's A Saying" / "The More You Know", "Human User Manual" website: hub for essential "I wish I knew this earlier" information, advice, life tips, quips. Why: History is studied to learn and avoid mistakes that humans have already made; we encourage people to live and learn on their own, but this only frustrates and delays progress.
- Trending Truth: highlighting/exposing every side equally on trending topics/issues (fact checking but not corrupt). De-value and correct/circumvent mainstream for-profit media and its propaganda.
- comprehensive local community resources list (homeless aid, etc)
- old note app idea that's now basically Notion
- government-level traffic infrastructure for flying cars (will we ever have them?)
- government website/platform focused on tax dollar allocation & spending transparency. Where is all the money going?
- unnamed idea: users can cut small clips of audio (lyrics from songs or quotes from film) and share them *easily*. Final product I envision would be integrated into project Canopy, but maybe I can get it working and integrated with Twitter like Vine or other apps. Maybe this is a new service/platform or simply a repository to store clips (or simply timestamps) of audio from third-party sites like Soundcloud. Similar to Musically/TikTok and Instagram's music stories before they existed & refined.
- unique "fractionalized" NFT project / interactive website experience for fans of music artists to explore and unlock artist content in variously imagined ways. Would love to share more but I may actually develop this.
- Codename Moon Motivation: already exists in various forms but could be done better: mobile app calendar to assist users in aligning their daily/weekly/monthly activities with the lunar cycles (lots of ideas on this).

### Physical Ideas
- unnamed hardware & software suite idea: ultra-thin, ultra-light, low power, portable display screens easily mountable to any wall in-home, displaying (in various configurations) video & visual content easily customizable by user via wearable & mobile apps & bluetooth. Perfect idea in my head, first conceptualized a decade ago, still extremely potent today.
- size-adjustable shoes for ages 0-3 for low income families
- better and cheaper litter/trash "picker upper" tools
- local VR arcade & productive lounge I wanted to co-create with my best friend back in 2014 before WeWork and VR arcades were really a thing