# Game Ideas - Intro
A running incomplete list of ideas for games and mods I've had. It is extremely difficult to convey my ideas here in this format because I see them so vividly in my imagination yet fail to articulate in words or through visual expression (I never developed good drawing skills). I will just start listing out ideas in text and may perhaps upload images to accompany them (I have hundreds of loose-leaf or notebook-bound pages with notes, sketches and storyboards).

## Game Ideas
(will add descriptions and continually update list over time)

### Small things I've made
Moved to https://github.com/astralvitz/astralvitz/blob/main/MAKEHISTORY.md

### Ideas
- ASCII World / Endiness / Elescape / Miladyworld: This might be the one!? My favorite idea ATM, a new age web3 social MMORPG . That's all I'll say for now.
- Spellweaver: First conceptualized in 2011... massive MMORPG with a truly living, breathing world heavily generated by AI. Nodes, where towns/areas develop and unique events occur, shaping the landscape and NPC populace. AI-generated quests, dialogue, stories, everything.
- Wonder: (prototyped in 2016 and now returning to create it in 2022) short turn-based 1v1 strategy game, taking actions to either defend, scout or attack (with various attack styles and systems). Like Dwarf Tower but simpler and before I knew about it. Intentionally low-res graphics, in-browser and on mobile, quick games w/ aesthetic progression systems.
- Rock Skipper: First conceptualized in 2012. A "boring" concept made interesting. A mobile-game with swipe or gyroscope gestures, skipping rocks in various Earth and fantasy environments, with many different game modes from targets (lily pads etc), highest jump, farthest distance, time trials, etc. Variables such as weather & water conditions, rock shapes, etc. Various implementations for throwing mechanics. A side-mode of finding rocks along water banks and a polishing system (modifying stats of rocks such as power, accuracy, speed, size, type, weight, edging, and aesthetic features). Monetization, time delay & daily incentivizes, leaderboards, automated tournaments and more. 
- Codename Dragoon MMO: inspired by many things including Realm of the Mad God and The Legend of Dragoon. A mix of ideas from my Spellweaver, Codename Garrisons, Impossible Bosses ideas.
- Codename Garrisons inspired by various mobile multiplayer city-builders and, strangely, Assassin's Creed 3 & Black Flag and WoW's mission table (developed after this ideation years ago). A game I'd truly want to play consistently. Missions, followers,renown/reputation, various scenarios, slowly building a town/base (mobile or static, in various environments/themes).
- Codename Salem: Story-driven single-player 2D/isometric RPG platformer. A town like Salem is reduced to rubble save the center where the Cathedral stands, its holy aura protecting the last few dozen homes from the scourge of evil. A ranger-adventurer responds to the distress call of the town. As she purges the riches and witches commanding the hordes of tormented souls, she learns of their stories and is faced with a great revelation of who is really behind the scourge. Filled with Easter egg tributes to Scarlet Letter, The Crucible, Scarlet Letter, The Devil of Tom Walker and many other stories I read growing up. I scripted out many random encounters and side-quests as well as dialogue and main quest material.
- Codename Story S: single player story-rich RPG.
- Codename Cyberpunk Social MMO: A social MMO that plays sort of like GAIA Online meets Animal Crossing. Players live in a flat in one bloc tower of many blocs within a sprawling mega city of mass surveillance and despotism. Players can choose from many hobbies/professions/jobs, do seamless immersive quests, interact with other players (in person or through forum boards & messaging apps), and influence the society/government/political direction of the city. Game includes a non-simple reputation system as well as multiple NPC factions and eventually player factions, community features that feel immersive and reminiscient of early internet messaging boards ("texting" for instant online communication, emails for offline recipients, postal service for packages with NPC deliverers, players have different daily times for receiving mail, etc. NPC factions such as law enforcement, bars, mercenaries/bounty hunters, underground/black markets like drugs, weapons, medicines, black markets, "Big Brother"-like tv screens & mass propaganda, curfew & street patrols, faction/group housing, fashion factions (steampunk, cyberpunk, healthgoth, etc)... can eventually be taken/operated by players. New servers could be released for wars of new players. City feels huge yet other blocs don't feel too far away. Shops and services are located on certain floors, there are some bridges connecting blocs at various floor levels, malls, stadiums/event halls for weekly events, various transportation methods, etc. Maybe flying cars in a future update (+ so much more). Hacking, selling drugs (& making/growing them), bounty hunting, armor crafting, espionage, cybernetics/augmentation, badgering & engineering, economies, chemistry, cooking... community of players builds their own society organically! I have written so many example event ideas and thought through potential emergence that might result from player-driven activities. Some theme inspirations: Bladerunner, Judge Dredd, GAMER movie, Coruscant of Star Wars, Protomen, TRON, Face of Mankind, Maplestory (Kerning City).
- Codename ANJU MOD: Originally a Warcraft 3: Reforged custom game idea of a very-replayable single-player RPG of a quest for Anju to discover her various magical affinities, completing side-quests and challenges toward an emotionally-gripping main quest. That's all I can really say; it's hard to put my mental images into words.
- Codename Blind Assassin: Originally had idea thinking about how blind people might be able to play a sound-driven game... a stealthy, assassin game where only some visuals are shown at a time (or communicated through sound) like 4-player split screen on a fixed location and the whole map isn't revealed at once.
- Codename Metamorphosis: A small LIMBO-type Kafka-inspired single-player adventure game.
- Codename Protoman: A small single-player platformer based on the band Protoman.
- Elf Runner: Conceptualized during the old Maze Runner era and inspired by BIT.TRIP RUNNER. Music-driven side-scrolling runner game with jump, duck and combat-archery mechanics. Various character customization, weapons, enemy types, obstacles, etc.
- Penguin Flight: Conceptualized long ago: a mix of Flappy Bird & those fun ski-ramp flash games.
- Codename Persistent RTS: A multiplayer RTS game with server lifespans of a few weeks. Many possible variants, multiplayer & single player. Not the best description but it's a beautiful idea in my head.
- Codename Pirates: inspired by Sid Meier's Pirates and other related games, but this one I actually began co-developing with two friends a long time ago but failed.
- Codename Lawn Gnomes: A single-player adventure game of lawn gnomes coming to life and doing things. Lol.
- Codename High Fantasy Smash Bros: name speaks for itself, but I thought through many interesting dynamics. Something potentially easy for mobile. Thematically integrated into Spellweaver universe.
- unnamed tower defense game: Hard to describe how it's unique other than a strange blend of past & future world collisions. Thematically integrated into Spellweaver universe.
- Codename Medieval Faster Than Light: name should speak for itself: a medieval take on the game FTL: Faster Than Light. Castle defense: micromanage troops as active captain (not too fast), spectate in cool perspectives. Elite tactics/formations for offense & defense, cool map configurations, fantasy themes, etc. I (poorly) drew a bunch of map ideas.
- Codename Current World War: a sort of military strategy game based on current world affairs.
- unnamed massive multiplayer RPG-like mobile game with a server controlling kingdoms and multi-front war, where players can participate on front lines or gather/do professions to help, as well as focus on individual skills, etc.
- unnamed free-roam action shooter based on Just Cause and Deus Ex. Not an idea worth pursuing anymore. Gameplay featuring a unique island hopping/world navigation system, gameplay elements such as stealth, intel gathering, sniping, binocular reconnaissance, lock picking/security bypassing, other spy things. Somewhat story-driven (I wrote a few pages of story).

### Derivative ideas
- standalone game for Warcraft 3 custom game "Battleships"
- standalone game for Warcraft 3 custom game "Impossible Bosses"
- standalone game for Warcraft 3 custom game "Footmen Frenzy"
- standalone game for Warcraft 3 custom game "Pimp my Peon"
- standalone game for Warcraft 3 custom game "Island Defense"
- standalone game for Starcraft custom game "Battle for Helms Deep"
- standalone game for shrine puzzles from Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
- Murloc RPG sequels
- 8-bit arcade game of WoW raids, similar to "Molten Core 8-Bit" but more.
- smaller, cozier version of Battleforge (RIP) (actually not RIP https://skylords.eu/)
- Civilization 5 x Total War game for Warcraft's Azeroth world, to-scale
- various WoW expansion ideas
- various Warcraft 3 custom game ideas
- various League of Legends character and map ideas
- various Left 4 Dead campaign ideas
- various Unreal Tournament, Quake and Tribes maps/levels

And countless story/plot ideas that could fit into various game genres. My ideas are nearly endless, but I need to just pick something and go for it. Analysis paralysis and laziness are terrible demons.